🌴 Early Bird Savings for 2026: 10% Off When You Book 5+ Nights | Code: EARLYBIRD26 🌴

Skip to main content
RV Rentals
Camping Spots
Deals
Blog
  USA | USD 

Home > RV Rental > RV Rental Prices

RV Rental Prices & Packages
Overview of All roadsurfer Conditions & Travel Protection Packages

Book your camper van, sprinter RV, or standard RV rental in the North America or Europe at competitive prices! Whether you want to set off on a weekend road trip or a longer vacation, roadsurfer has fully equipped Class C or Class B RVs to suit your plans. In general, the earlier you book, the greater the choice and the lower the price. Please note: Rates are subject to change depending on your trip’s location, duration, and availability.

View our deals & promotions

Price by Model
Rental Period
Minimum Age
Equipment
Service Fee
Pet Fee
Cleaning Fee
Deposit
Winter Travel
One-Way Rentals
Pick-Up & Return
Cancelations & Rebooking
Travel Protection
Frequently Asked Questions
North America
Europe

*Please note: The prices shown are for guidance only and are subject to change based on travel duration, booking timeframe, and pickup location. With us, you’re charged per night, meaning you only pay half the rate for the first and last days of your rental.

RV Rental - All Costs and Conditions
Rental Period

The minimum rental period is three nights.

Minimum Rental Age

Please note that the minimum rental age requirements vary depending on the rental country. Here’s an overview:

USA, Canada, and Ireland: Drivers must be at least 21 years old and have one year of licensed driving experience (driving license class 3 or class B)
Europe: Drivers must be at least 18 years old and have one year of licensed driving experience (driving license class 3 or class B)
United Kingdom: Drivers must be at least 21 years old and have two years of licensed driving experience (driving license class 3 or class B)
Equipment

All our Class C and Class B RVs are equipped with the following: navigation system, air conditioning, stationary heater, 1 outdoor camping table, 2 camping chairs, and a kitchen box with all kitchen utensils and tableware, hand brush, power cable & adapter, water canister. You can also add optional equipment such as bicycle racks or portable camping toilets and much more for an additional charge.

→ Overview of our bookable extras for your camping trip

Service Fee

We charge a one-time service fee starting at $175 in North America and at $115 in Europe. What is the service fee? There are many steps to make your fully-equipped roadsurfer RV rental “ready to go” from the standard production line to the rental handover. The provision fee is to ensure that you receive the best customer experience possible.

Pets

All roadsurfer rentals can be optionally booked as dog-friendly motorhome rentals. Once you have chosen your preferred vehicle, simply add the one-off dog fee starting at $149 in North America and at $115 in Europe to your booking.

Cleaning Fee

We do not want our customers to have to pay for additional cleaning costs. Our goal is to hand over an impeccable vehicle to every customer and for this reason we have to charge an additional fee in exceptional cases.

→ You can find an overview of the additional cleaning fee criteria in our FAQs

Security Deposit

The currency and amount of the deposit depends on the local currency of the station where you pick up your roadsurfer:

USA (USD $): $850
Europe (€): 800€
Switzerland (CHF): 800 CHF
Sweden (SEK): 9.250 SEK
Canada (CAD $): $1.200
Norway (NOK): 10.000 NOK
UK (£): £700
Winter Travel

Please note that all our RVs and motorhomes in Canada undergo “hibernation” during the winter months (from November to March). This involves emptying or filling all boilers and pipes with antifreeze, including the camper’s water tanks. Consequently, water usage in the vehicles, such as from the fresh water tap, shower, or toilet, is unavailable during this period. To prevent vehicle damage, kindly ensure the water tank remains empty throughout your journey. Any damage resulting from failure to comply will incur charges.

One-Way Rentals in the US

In the United States, you can also book a one-way trip and return your camper to a different station within the country. For our one-way rental option we charge a one-time fee starting at $349.

Pick-Up & Return
Opening hours

You can collect or return your vehicle from Monday to Saturday. Unfortunately, we do not release or accept vehicles on Sundays and public holidays. You can choose the time you want to collect or return your vehicle during the booking process, or later in your customer account. We charge a small fee for early collection (before 2 PM) or late return (after 11 AM). This depends on the time you choose and the fee will be displayed in advance in the booking process. If you return your RV outside our business hours, you do so at your own risk. We accept no liability for any damage caused during this time.

Refuel before returning

Please fill up the fuel tank shortly before handing over your vehicle. In North America, depending on the model, it could be gasoline or diesel and DEF (Diesel Exhaust Fluid). In Europe, every vehicle requires diesel and AdBlue. Please check in advance the specific consumable fluids your model requires. Nearby filling stations can be found close to our stations. You can find an overview of gas stations nearby in our gas station overview. Failure to return the tank full will regrettably incur a service fee.

Cancellations and Rebooking

We have summarised the most important questions and answer for you here: How can I change or cancel my booking?

Travel Protection
Overview of our carefree packages

Prices may vary depending on the booked location

Benefits	Basic	Advanced	Complete
 Number of drivers	2	3	unlimited
 Deductible for each claim*	$3,000	$800	$150**
 US: Third-party liability coverage	state min.	€2,000,000	€2,000,000
 Unlimited mileage			
 Mobility guarantee			
 Breakdown protection			
 Theft protection			
 Weather protection			
 Repair of windshields			
 Full windshield protection			
 Full tire protection			
 Vehicle underbody repairs			
 Interior repairs			
 Full body repairs			

*Our basic carefree package is included in the rental price and limits your financial liability to a maximum deductible per claim, with the exact amount varying by rental country and currency. Damage caused by gross negligence or intentional misconduct – such as driving with the awning or roof open, operating the vehicle in areas unsuitable for its size, improper filling of water or fuel tanks, entering unauthorized countries, or driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs – is not covered by the deductible, and the renter is fully responsible for repair costs. Further details and examples can be found in our Help Center or General Terms and Conditions.

**Please note that before the start of your trip, it is required to pay an $850 deposit, regardless of the travel protection package you choose.

Frequently Asked Questions

Do I have to return the RV clean?

How is an additional cleaning effort calculated?

View all FAQs